Today's programme is about space travel. I'm talking to an astronaut from CNSA.
Hello! We're interested to hear about your experiences in space. When did you join CNSA?
Six years ago.
And how many times have you flown in a spaceship?
Two times.
How did you feel when you were in the spaceship?
I enjoyed it. It was very exciting.
Have you worked on the space station?
Yes, I have. I've already been there twice.
Have you seen the Earth from the space station?
Yes, I have. It's very blue and very beautiful.
How wonderful. How did you feel when you saw it?
I was so happy. I wanted to cry.
I'm sure. Tell me, why did you decide to become an astronaut?
I've always been interested in space. It's so exciting.
Do you think there's life on other planets?
Yes, I do. The universe is so big.
There are so many galaxies and so many solar systems.
But we haven't found anything yet.
We've only just begun to look. Give us time.
Another hundred years maybe.
Well, thank you for talking to us. It's been great to talk to you.
Thank you.